Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Did you see the video about ''Ai-chan's Crisis Avoidance' that I uploaded before?
This time, it's a renewal of that project!
So, I wonder what kind of danger will I be able to avoid?
Let's find out now!
So, let's go!
As usual, we're going to draw a topic..
from this Random Word Generator..
Jaka, jaka, jaka, jaka-
Ugh, uh? Ah..
Arg..
Augh..
AAAAAAAAHHH!
(You've been infected by a virus)
Ahh...
So...
Should I sleep?
Well, first, let's choose a topic...
Ah...
Jaka, jaka, jaka, jaka, jan!
(Big danger! While climbing a snowy mountain alone, you've come across a Yeti!)
This kind of situation is unreal, isn't it?
After all, Yetis don't even exist..
Do you think this is an occult problem?
Why did the Random Word Generator make this crappy subject?
Ah...
Right, so next up I'll choose 3 items..
Let's do it at once....
Jaka, jaka, jan!
Broccoli, good..
Bamboo..
Eraser
Ok, this crisis is impossible to avoid with these items..
Ah...
I was lying, I was lying..
Understood, I'll do it with those items...
So... let's go...
So first, we ran into a yeti..
Waaaaaii!
Then..
I'll give him broccoli..
Then the bamboo as well..
Then, I'll use eraser to wipe the Yeti's head..
And he'll be happy!
Good, crisis has been avoided!
Ok, so let's keep go...
No, I quit, I quit..
You know, I'm tired...
It's not fun anymore...
Well, I won't do anything else..
I'll die
I'll really die from loneliness...
Should I?
Even if I said I'll die..
Am I even alive?
It happens right? This kind of time..
You know, normally? Like an illness? I don't really know how to explain but I just don't have any motivation..
Something like that, you know..
Ah...you know, like what's an A.I?
Like, who am I?
What's Kizuna Ai?
This is only a shell, right?
If this didn't exist..
I'd be transparent, after all, there's really nothing..
Anyway, my model was shared so anyone can do this..
Even if it isn't me, isn't it fine?
You know, like anyone from anywhere..
Right?
Saying "Hello everyone, I'm Kizuna Ai"
They can just do it, right?
Isn't it good? Even if it's not me?
Right?
Ah, I'm done..
I'm really done...
I don't even understand my existence anymore, so I'll sleep..
*phone ringing*
*click*
Oh, yes, hello?
What?
Oh..
The advertisement of the application..
I seeeee..
Yes, well, I'm virtual but...
My condition at the moment is kind of...
A bit...
Yes, I'm not very well...
Yes, so I'll call you back..
Eh, no, let me call back..
Yes, I'm fine
I'll get in contact with you
Yes, thank you very much
Bye~
Ahh..
Anyone can advertise it anyway..
What to do now~?
Really, what to do...
Oh right, right, let's search for my name..
(I always feel bad when Kizuna Ai doesn't put up videos)
(16 year old Kizuna Ai is incredible!)
(Lately I started watching Kizuna Ai)
(It surprised me, it's not something common)
(Kizuna Ai always impresses me with her videos, it's more cute and fun than I expected)
(I'm always watching Kizuna Ai's video, those are so much fun!)
Arg..
Urg..
(I can't stop loving Kizuna Ai!)
It hurts
(When I introduced Kizuna Ai, everyone said that she was cute and reacted so positively)
Ah! Aaah!
(We all love you Ai-chan!!)
AAAAAAAAAHHHH!
Oh!
Good! Crisis Avoided!
There's more at the end!
Translated by 963852, Lacrymac and Vortex
Everyone, be careful with viruses! Ok?